Secured Overnight Financing Rate Data - FEDERAL RESERVE BANK of NEW YORK Museum & Visits Regional Economy Data & Statistics Careers Blogs News & Events Menu About the New York Fed About the New York Fed What We Do Who We Are Bank Leadership Communities We Serve Governance Board of Directors Disclosures Ethics and Conflicts of Interest Annual Financial Statements Org Chart More About Us News & Events Advisory Groups Vendor Information Holiday Schedule At the New York Fed, our mission is to make the U.S. economy stronger and the financial system more stable for all segments of society. We do this by executing monetary policy, providing financial services, supervising banks and conducting research and providing expertise on issues that impact the nation and communities we serve. The Teller Window is a publication featuring expert knowledge and insight from the New York Fed, including thoughts and perspectives from senior leaders. Do you have a request for information and records? Learn how to submit it. Learn about the history of the New York Fed and central banking in the United States through articles, speeches, photos and video. Markets & Policy Implementation Markets & Policy Implementation DATA Reference Rates Effective Federal Funds Rate Overnight Bank Funding Rate Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR Averages & Index Broad General Collateral Rate Tri-Party General Collateral Rate Desk Operations Treasury Securities Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities Repos Reverse Repos Securities Lending Central Bank Liquidity Swaps System Open Market Account Holdings Primary Dealer Statistics Historical Transaction Data DOMESTIC MARKET OPERATIONS Monetary Policy Implementation Treasury Securities Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities Agency Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Agency Debt Securities Repos & Reverse Repos Securities Lending Discount Window Treasury Debt Auctions & Buybacks as Fiscal Agent INTERNATIONAL MARKET OPERATIONS Foreign Exchange Foreign Reserves Management Central Bank Swap Arrangements ACROSS MARKETS Statements & Operating Policies Market Intelligence Survey of Market Expectations Annual Reports Counterparties Primary Dealers Standing Repo Counterparties Reverse Repo Counterparties Foreign Exchange Counterparties Foreign Reserves Management Counterparties Operational Readiness Central Bank & International Account Services Programs Archive Economic Research Economic Research U.S. Economy Consumer Expectations & Behavior Survey of Consumer Expectations Household Debt & Credit Report Home Price Changes Growth & Inflation Economic Heterogeneity Indicators (EHIs) Multivariate Core Trend Inflation New York Fed DSGE Model New York Fed Staff Nowcast R-star: Natural Rate of Interest Labor Market Labor Market for Recent College Graduates Labor Market Tightness Index Financial Stability Corporate Bond Market Distress Index Losses from Natural Disasters Outlook-at-Risk Treasury Term Premia Yield Curve as a Leading Indicator Banking Banking Research Data Sets Reserve Demand Elasticity REGIONAL ECONOMY Empire State Manufacturing Survey Business Leaders Survey Regional Business Surveys: Special Topics Regional Employment Trends Early Benchmarked Employment Data INTERNATIONAL ECONOMY Global Supply Chain Pressure Index RESEARCHERS Staff Economists Visiting Scholars Resident Scholars PUBLICATIONS Liberty Street Economics Staff Reports Economic Policy Review Outside Journals RESEARCH CENTERS Applied Macroeconomics & Econometrics Center (AMEC) Center for Microeconomic Data (CMD) CALENDAR Economic Indicators Calendar Financial Institution Supervision Financial Institution Supervision Supervision & Regulation Circulars Regulations Reporting Forms & Instructions Reporting Forms Correspondence Bank Applications Consumer Protection Community Reinvestment Act Frauds and Scams As part of our core mission, we supervise and regulate financial institutions in the Second District. Our primary objective is to maintain a safe and competitive U.S. and global banking system. The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry. Need to file a report with the New York Fed? Here are all of the forms, instructions and other information related to regulatory and statistical reporting in one spot. The New York Fed works to protect consumers as well as provides information and resources on how to avoid and report specific scams. Financial Services & Infrastructure Financial Services & Infrastructure Financial Services & Operations Services For Financial Institutions Payment Services Payment System Oversight International Services, Seminars & Training Financial Market Infrastructure & Reform Tri-Party Repo Infrastructure Reform Managing Foreign Exchange Money Market Funds Over-The-Counter Derivatives The Federal Reserve Bank of New York works to promote sound and well-functioning financial systems and markets through its provision of industry and payment services, advancement of infrastructure reform in key markets and training and educational support to international institutions. The New York Innovation Center bridges the worlds of finance, technology, and innovation and generates insights into high-value central bank-related opportunities. The growing role of nonbank financial institutions, or NBFIs, in U.S. financial markets is a transformational trend with implications for monetary policy and financial stability. The New York Fed offers the Central Banking Seminar and several specialized courses for central bankers and financial supervisors. Community Development & Education Community Development & Education Community Development Staff Fed System Initiatives Fed Communities Fed Listens Fed Small Business Other Community Development Work Calendar Economic Education Programs High School Fed Challenge College Fed Challenge Teacher Professional Development Classroom Visits Museum & Learning Center Visits Resources Educational Comic Books Economist Spotlight Series Lesson Plans and Resources Economic Education Calendar The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry. Secured Overnight Financing Rate Data The Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities. The SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate plus bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement (repo) transactions cleared through the Delivery-versus-Payment (DVP) service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (FICC), which is filtered to remove a portion of transactions considered “specials”. Note that specials are repos for specific-issue collateral, which take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. The SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from the Bank of New York Mellon and the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Financial Research (OFR) as well as GCF Repo transaction data and data on bilateral Treasury repo transactions cleared through FICC's DVP service, which are obtained from OFR. Each business day, the New York Fed publishes the SOFR on the New York Fed website at approximately 8:00 a.m. ET. For more information on the SOFR’s publication schedule and methodology, see Additional Information about Reference Rates Administered by the New York Fed . Resources About the Reference Rates Statements and Operating Policies Additional Information about Reference Rates Administered by the New York Fed Markets Data APIs Terms of Use Use of the Reference Rates are subject to important disclaimers, limitations and indemnification obligations. receive email alerts for this page By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Statement . You can learn more about how we use cookies by reviewing our Privacy Statement . Request a Speaker International Seminars & Training Governance & Culture Reform Data Visualization Economic Research Tracker Markets Data APIs Podcast Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Site Map
