Short-term Funding Monitor | Office of Financial Research Skip to main content FinancialResearch.gov --> FinancialResearch.gov Enter Search Term(s): Submit Toggle navigation Monitoring Tools Monitoring Tools Overview Bank Systemic Risk Monitor Financial Stress Index Hedge Fund Monitor Short-term Funding Monitor U.S. Money Market Fund Monitor Discontinued Discontinued Monitors Financial System Vulnerabilities Monitor Financial Markets Monitor G-SIB Scores Interactive Chart Data & Standards Data & Standards Overview Financial Instrument Reference Database (FIRD) Data Collections Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Interagency Data Inventory LIBOR Alternatives News & Events News & Events Overview From the Director Blog Press Releases Congressional Testimony Public Appearances Conferences Inside the OFR About Us OFR Leadership Careers Financial Research Advisory Committee Policies Budget Strategy Grants Meet the Research Staff Partnerships Publications Publications Overview Briefs Reports Staff Discussion Papers Viewpoint Papers Working Papers Feedback Subscribe Get updates from the OFR: Sign up Logo for Twitter Logo for LinkedIn Home / Monitoring Tools / Short-term Funding Monitor Short-term Funding Monitor Skip to Content Toggle navigation Overview Market Digests Collateral Tenor Volume Rates Data Sets U.S. Money Market Funds U.S. Repo Markets Reference Rates Primary Dealer Statistics Treasury Constant Maturity Rates API Reference Mnemonics Documentation https://data.financialresearch.gov/ Short-term funding markets are the core of liquidity and maturity transformation in financial markets. They provide financing for financial institutions, serve as alternatives to deposits for cash investors, and can be used to obtain securities. However, as unavoidable consequences of their functions, these critical markets are vulnerable to disruptions. Problems faced by financial institutions or other parts of the financial system often appear as stresses in short-term funding markets. As part of the Office of Financial Research’s mission to promote and monitor financial stability, the OFR collects a variety of data on these markets. The Short-term Funding Monitor presents these data and places them in context with other data sources. To allow for easier monitoring of conditions in short-term funding markets, the OFR offers sets of curated charts that provide insights into different dimensions of these markets. These market digests are broken down into four categories that describe how short-term funding markets are functioning: collateral, tenor, volume, and rates. Market Digest Categories Each category contains a set of charts that present relevant data from our collections and other data sources and offers interpretative guidance from our research staff. Collateral: for secured loans, the securities held by a lender against the possibility that a loan defaults OFR's collection of charts depicting the types of collateral used to secure funding across various short-term funding markets. Tenor: the length of time until a loan is due OFR's collection of charts granting insight into the amount of time before contracts expire across various short-term funding markets. Volume: the amount of new loans financed OFR's collection of charts showing how the volume or dollar quantity of contracts measure activity across various short-term funding markets. Rates: the interest rates charged on new loans OFR's collection of charts describing interest rates across various short-term funding markets Get Updates by Email Access Data Search for a series of data Download All Data Sets U.S. Money Market Funds Office of Financial Research estimates of the holdings of U.S. money market funds U.S. Repo Markets Office of Financial Research estimates of activity in tri-party and centrally cleared repo markets Reference Rates Reference rates produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, with related information Primary Dealer Statistics Data on primary dealers’ market activity produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York Treasury Constant Maturity Rates U.S. Treasury Department reports of daily constant maturity rates on Treasury securities General Disclaimer This OFR monitor is presented solely for informative purposes and should not be relied upon for financial decisions; it is not intended to provide any investment or financial advice. If you have any specific questions about any financial or other matter please consult an appropriately qualified professional. The OFR makes no warranty, express or implied, nor assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability, and usefulness of any information that is available through this website, nor represents that its use would not infringe on any privately owned rights. Disclaimer Regarding Non-OFR Data and Information For convenience and informational purposes only, the OFR may provide links and references to nongovernment sites. These sites may contain information that is copyrighted with restrictions on reuse. Permission to use copyrighted materials must be obtained from the original source and cannot be obtained from the OFR or from the U.S. Treasury Department. The OFR is not responsible for the content of external websites linked to or referenced from this site or from the OFR web server. The U.S. government, the U.S. Treasury Department, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, and the OFR neither endorse the data, information, content, materials, opinions, advice, statements, offers, products, services, presentation, or accuracy, nor make any warranty, express or implied, regarding these external websites. Please note that neither the U.S. Treasury Department nor the OFR controls, and cannot guarantee, the relevance, timeliness, or accuracy of third-party content or other materials. Users should be aware that when they select a link on this OFR website to an external website, they are leaving the OFR site. Suggested Citation Office of Financial Research, "OFR Short-term Funding Monitor," refreshed daily, https://www.financialresearch.gov/short-term-funding-monitor/ (accessed ). × You are now leaving the OFR’s website. You will be redirected to: You are now leaving the OFR Website. The website associated with the link you have selected is located on another server and is not subject to Federal information quality, privacy, security, and related guidelines. To remain on the OFR Website, click 'Cancel'. To continue to the other website you selected, click 'Proceed'. The OFR does not endorse this other website, its sponsor, or any of the views, activities, products, or services offered on the website or by any advertiser on the website. Thank you for visiting www.financialresearch.gov. Cancel Proceed Was this page helpful? How can we make this page better? Thank you for your feedback! OFFICE OF FINANCIAL RESEARCH U.S. Department of the Treasury 717 14th Street, NW Washington, DC 20220 Contact us Accessibility Careers FOIA Legal Notices No FEAR Act Privacy Plain Writing Office of Inspector General Report Fraud Waste and Abuse U.S. Department of the Treasury USA.gov Office of Financial Research
