When Auctions Happen (Schedules) — TreasuryDirect Skip Navigation An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know U.S. Department of the Treasury Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu Log In Savings Bonds About U.S. Savings Bonds Buy a Bond Gift a Savings Bond Cash In a Bond Savings Bond Value Calculator Manage Bonds Forms for Savings Bonds Treasury Hunt Treasury Marketable Securities About Treasury Marketable Securities Treasury Bills Treasury Bonds Treasury Notes TIPS Floating Rate Notes (FRNs) STRIPS Forms for Treasury Marketable Securities Treasury Hunt Auctions About Auctions How Auctions Work (Participating) When Auctions Happen (Schedules) Reopenings Announcements, Data & Results Buyback Announcements and Results Upcoming Auctions Recent Auction Results Auction Search (Query) Auction Press Releases Auction Regulations (UOC) Laws and Regulations About Laws and Regulations Auction Regulations (UOC) Collateral Programs Commercial Book-Entry Regulations (TRADES) Frauds, Phonies, & Scams Government Securities Act (GSA) Regulations Large Position Reporting (LPR) Redemption (Buyback) Operations Regulations Treasury Marketable Securities Regulations Savings Bond Regulations TreasuryDirect Regulations Research Center Government Users For Government Users Federal Investments Program SLGS & SLGSafe Security Liquidation & Proceeds Federal Borrowings Program Treasury Managed Accounts Funds Management Program Reports History of the Debt Public Debt Reports Interest Rates and Prices Mailing Lists News About Forms Help Center Contact Us Auctions When Auctions Happen (Schedules) When Auctions Happen (Schedules) On this page, we explain the current pattern for auctioning the five main types of Treasury marketable securities, organized by type of security. These pages give you different views of the auction schedule: Upcoming auctions Latest tentative six-month auction schedule (PDF) A schedule that focuses on reopenings The typical monthly pattern for auctions A more detailed table with other information as well as the auction pattern An overall schedule by type of security Various situations, such as Treasury's needs, policy decisions, and Congressional action on the debt limit may change these patterns. Holidays and special circumstances may also disrupt the schedule. If the day the securities should be issued is a weekend or federal holiday, we issue the securities on the next business day. All securities, except bills, start earning interest on the Issue Date or Dated Date, whichever comes first. That is, the security accrues interest. We add this accrued interest to your purchase price of the security. You get the accrued interest payment back with your first regular interest payment for that security. On this page: Bills Notes Bonds Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS) Floating Rate Notes (FRNs) Bills Term Auction frequency Announcement day Auction day Issue day 4-week Every week Tuesday Thursday of that week Following Tuesday 6-week Every week Thursday Following Tuesday Thursday 8-week Every week Tuesday Thursday of that week Following Tuesday 13-week 26-week Every week Thursday Following Monday Thursday 17-week Every week Tuesday Wednesday Following Tuesday 52-week Every 4 weeks Thursday Following Tuesday Thursday Cash Management Bills are offered when needed. The time between announcement, auction, and issue is usually brief (1 – several days). Notes Term Auction frequency Announcement day Auction day Issue day 2-year 5-year 7-year Monthly In the second half of the month A few business days later Last calendar day of the month 3-year Monthly In the first half of the month A few business days later 15th of the month 10-year initial offering 10-year reopenings Quarterly (Feb., May, Aug., Nov.) The other 8 months In the first half of the month During the second week of the month 15th of the month Bonds Term Auction frequency Announcement day Auction day Issue day 20-year initial offering 20-year reopenings Quarterly (Feb., May., Aug., Nov) The other 8 months In the first half of the month Next to the last Wed. of the month Last calendar day of the month 30-year initial offering 30-year reopenings Quarterly (Feb., May, Aug., Nov.) The other 8 months In the first half of the month During the second week of the month 15th of the month Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS) Term Auction frequency Announcement day Auction day Issue day 5-year initial offering 5-year reopenings In April and October In June and December In the middle of the month Next to the last Thursday of the month Last calendar day of the month 10-year initial offering 10-year reopenings In January and July In March, May, September, November In the middle of the month Next to the last Thursday of the month Last calendar day of the month 30-year initial offering 30-year reopenings In February In August In the middle of the month Next to the last Thursday of the month Last calendar day of the month Although we issue TIPS at the end of the month, their maturity date is the 15th of that month. They earn interest between the 15th and the issue date. (See the note about accrued interest above.) Floating Rate Notes (FRNs) Term Auction frequency Announcement day Auction day Issue day 2-year initial offering 2-year reopenings In January, April, July, October In all other months In the second half of the month In the last week of that month Last calendar day of that month On the last Friday of that month Connect With Us X (formerly Twitter) Facebook YouTube RSS Feeds Legal Information Freedom of Information Act Privacy Terms & Conditions Data Quality For Web Developers Accessibility Related Sites treasury.gov fiscaldata.treasury.gov USAspending.gov Bureau of the Fiscal Service USA.gov Data.gov Regulations.gov
